so first a pipe just around this corner
there's a bigger nice spot of this as
well oh then if you heard that sound but
that was a very audible threat to us
they seem that he's the one that's
nervous but actually there's no doubt
who's more own in this environment it's
definitely him
that huge breath of air that's not just
him emptying his lungs
I was definitely meant to scare me it's
starting to get dark now they'd be
getting more active and pretty soon
looking to come out of the water this is
the most dangerous time and I'm
certainly not hanging around with an
atom want to come by my boat in half
that could be round and easily
look he's just there he's coming I
passed us I don't believe it
he used to sack in the river that's the
other one he's come up blocking my exit
the crew on the bank can see him I can't
so they're gonna have to be my eyes
this has now become a very serious
situation I can't go upstream I can't go
downstream I'm gonna have to try and
find another way out
yeah
he's turned he's coming for me again
it's now or never I've seen a possible
exit it's a shallow stream and not
somewhere I want to get stuck with an
angry hippo
I'll tell you what that just shows you
you can never be complacent with wild
animals and it also shows why hippos
have to be on a deadly 60